feat: scaffold consumer chain (#3660)
ignite/cli: docs/docs/08-references/02-config.md

Only a default set of parameters is provided. If more nuanced configuration is
required, you can add these parameters to the `config.yml` file.

> ## Validation
> 
> The `validation` field is used by Ignite to determine the kind of validation
> of your blockchain. There's is currently 2 supported kinds of validation:
> 
> - `sovereign` which is the standard kind of validation where your blockchain
>   has it's own validator set. This is the default value when this field is not
>   present in the config file.
> - `consumer` indicates your blockchain is a consumer chain, in a sense of
>   Replicated Security. That means it doesn't have a validator set, but
>   inherits the one of a provider chain.
> 
> While `sovereign` chain is the default validation when you run `ignite scaffold
> chain`, to scaffold a consumer chain, you have to run `ignite scaffold chain
> --consumer`.
> 
> This field is, at this time of writing, only used by Ignite at the genesis
> generation step, because the genesis of a sovereign chain and a consumer chain
> are different.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Validation

Ignite uses the `validation` field to determine the kind of validation
of your blockchain. There are currently two supported kinds of validation:

- `sovereign` which is the standard kind of validation where your blockchain
  has its own validator set. This is the default value when this field is not
  in the config file.
- `consumer` indicates your blockchain is a consumer chain, in the sense of
  Replicated Security. That means it doesn't have a validator set, but
  inherits the one of a provider chain.

While the `sovereign` chain is the default validation when you run the `ignite scaffold
chain`, to scaffold a consumer chain, you have to run `ignite scaffold chain
--consumer`.

This field is, at this time of writing, only used by Ignite at the genesis
generation step, because the genesis of a sovereign chain and a consumer chain
are different.

```
